Add PR template before enabling automatic deploys (#774)
alphagov/info-frontend: .github/pull_request_template.md

:warning: This application is Continuously Deployed: :warning:

- Merged changes are automatically deployed to staging and production.

- Make sure you follow [the guidance for deployments](https://docs.publishing.service.gov.uk/manual/development-pipeline.html#merge-your-own-pull-request) **before** you merge.

> - Check your branch is being deployed in the [Release app](https://release.publishing.service.gov.uk/applications/smartanswers), after merging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check your branch is being deployed in the [Release app](https://release.publishing.service.gov.uk/applications/info-frontend), after merging.
```

Author: Also fixed 👍.

> - Changes to start pages are **not** continuously deployed, and are [deployed using a different process](https://github.com/alphagov/smart-answers/blob/master/doc/smart-answer-flow-development/publishing.md).

Reviewer: I don't think this is relevant here.

Author: Also removed 😇.
